{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\ul\b\f0\fs16 TTDX EDITOR 1.10.17\b0\par
\b README\ulnone\b0\par
\pard\par
\pard\qc Copyright \'a9 Jens Vang Peterson 2002. All Rights Reserved.\par
Copyright \'a9 Owen Rudge 2002-2004. All Rights Reserved.\par
\f1\fs20\par
\pard\f0\fs16 TTDX Editor is an editor for Transport Tycoon Deluxe saved games. You can edit player data, the terrain, cities, industries, stations, vehicles and more.\par
\par
\ul\b INSTALLATION\ulnone\b0\par
\par
Two versions of TTDX Editor 1.10.17 are available - one with an installation program and one without. If you have downloaded the version with an installation program, simply run the program you downloaded to install the Editor. If you downloaded the version without an installation program, please note that the program requires the following to run:\par
\par
\ul Visual Basic 6.0 SP5 run-time libraries\ulnone\par
These are available from \ul http://tinyurl.com/lp9x\ulnone\par
\par
\ul Internet Explorer 6.0 \b or\b0  Windows Script 5.6 libraries\ulnone\par
Downloads available for the following operating systems:\par
\par
Windows 98, Me, NT 4.0:\tab\ul http://tinyurl.com/7zh0\ulnone\par
Windows 2000/XP:\tab\tab\ul http://tinyurl.com/7fxd\ulnone\par
\par
\ul TTDX Editor Control Pack\ulnone\par
You also need the MSCOMCTL.OCX and COMDLG32.OCX files to be in your Windows\\System (system32 on Windows NT/2000/XP) directory. If they are not present, download the TTDX Editor Control Pack from \ul http://tinyurl.com/3e7oj\ulnone .\par
\par
\par
\ul\b USING TTDX EDITOR\ulnone\b0\par
\par
TTDX Editor should be relatively self-explanatory to use. Documentation will be made available soon. Please e-mail me (see below) if you have any questions on program usage.\par
\par
\ul\b MODIFIED.EXE\ulnone\b0\par
\par
A small program has been included with TTDX Editor that will tell you if a game has been modified by TTDX Editor 1.10.14 or higher. MODIFIED.EXE is a command-line Win32 program, and the syntax of the program is:\par
\par
   \f2 MODIFIED \i filename\i0\f0\par
\par
'\i\f2 filename\i0\f0 ' should be an uncompressed ('big') Transport Tycoon Deluxe saved game or scenario (eg, created by 'Save Uncompressed' in TTDX Editor, or decoded with SV1Codec). However, using the "save uncompressed" option in TTDX Editor would actually mark the decompressed game as being modified by the Editor (even if it hasn't had anything done to it), so that would be a bit unhelpful. SV1Codec can be downloaded from \ul http://www.owenrudge.net/redirect/ttdxedit/sv1codec/\ulnone .\par
\par
\ul\b CHANGES\b0\par
\ulnone\par
See CHANGES.TXT for a list of changes from the last version.\par
\par
\ul\b OTHER TRANSPORT TYCOON UTILITIES\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\fs16\par
\ul\b Transport Tycoon Saved Game Manager\ulnone\b0\par
\par
The Saved Game Manager, by Owen Rudge, lets you manage all your Transport Tycoon saved games, scenarios and multiplayer saved games. You can copy them, move them,\par
delete them, rename them, compress/decompress them, get detailed information on them, and more! Check it out at \ul http://www.savedgamemanager.uk.tt/\ulnone .\par
\par
\ul\b TTDAlter\ulnone\b0\par
\par
TTDAlter, also by Owen Rudge, lets you edit the TTD executable. Many things can be modified, including trains, road vehicles, aircraft, ships, bridges, industries and disasters. Find out more at \ul http://www.owenrudge.net/TT/\ulnone .\par
\par
\ul\b TTDPatch\ulnone\b0\par
\par
*\b The\b0 * Transport Tycoon Deluxe patch. TTDPatch gives TTD a new lease of life. Have huge trains, larger stations, more vehicles, new signal systems and more! If you're running low on money, you can enable sign cheats to let you get a bit more! Also includes many more features not listed here. Go to \ul http://www.ttdpatch.net/\ulnone  NOW!\par
\par
_________________________________________________________________\par
If you have any questions or features you would like to see, please e-mail me at owen@owenrudge.net.\par
\par
Thanks for downloading!\par
\par
Owen Rudge\par
http://www.owenrudge.net/\par
\par
MSN Messenger:\tab\tab\tab owen@owenrudge.net\par
ICQ:\tab\tab\tab\tab 125455765\par
AOL Instant Messenger:\tab\tab OwenCrealRudge\par
Yahoo Messenger:\tab\tab\tab orudge\par
\par
E-mail:\tab\tab\tab\tab owen@owenrudge.net\par
Owen's Transport Tycoon Station:\tab http://www.owenrudge.net/TT/\par
Saved Game Manager web site:\tab http://www.savedgamemanager.uk.tt/\par
The Ultimate TT Game Repository:\tab http://www.gamearchive.uk.tt/\par
The Transport Tycoon Forums:\tab http://www.tt-forums.net/\par
\par
_________________________________________________________________\par
Copyright \'a9 Owen Rudge 2002-2004 and Jens Vang Peterson 2002. All Rights Reserved.\par
}
 